New resource `azurerm_mssql_database_extended_auditing_policy` (#7793)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/mssql_database.html.markdown

Manages a MS SQL Database.

> ~> **NOTE on Ms Sql Database and Ms Sql Database Extended Auditing Policy:** Terraform currently provides both a standalone [mssql_database_extended_auditing_policy resource](mssql_database_extended_auditing_policy.html), and allows for extended auditing policy to be defined in-line within the [mssql_database resource](mssql_database.html) and [sql_database resource](sql_database.html).

Reviewer: This note should be next to the auditing property

```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** The Database Extended Auditing Policy Can be set inline here as well as with the [mssql_database_extended_auditing_policy resource](mssql_database_extended_auditing_policy.html) resource. You can only use one or the other and using both will cause a conflict.
```
